---
title: Sunday, I have to be busy tomorrow.
tags:
  - daily work
  - git
  - vim
categories:
  - diaries
date: 04-09-2023
---
# What I have done today

1. Added the GPU support.
2. Configured zimfw and zsh-z for tower.
3. Configured Lightdm for tower followed by <https://blog.csdn.net/caoshiying/article/details/107242980>.
	`.gz` files need a `gzip` tool by command `gzip -c <*>.gz > <output_file>`.
# What I need to do next

1. Nothing should be continued by today's work.

# What I want to do in future
- Works left before.

# What I want to tell myself
`Git` is a useful tool when dealing with complex objects. I have used it several times but I don't understand its basic logic clearly. Today, I re-learned `Git` and document my notes.
 - `git add` add files to track. A new file created in workspace needs this command to be added in git's track and controlled by git. Changed files controlled by git in the workspace also need this command to be added in storage.
 - `git commit` sent files in storage to local repository.
 - `git push` push local commits to remote repository.
 - `git log` check commit histories. Use `-h` followed by the command to check more info.
 - `git reset` back to specified state. `git revert` revert existing commits.
 - `git rm` remove files in storage.
 - `git pull` sync **workspace** to the remote repository. If workspace have been changed after latest version from remote repository, move or remove local files.
That's it right now. Others more complicated will be learned when I meet it.

Another tips I have learned today is that how to add or cancel comments in VIM.
- `ctrl + q` to enter visual block mode.
- use "hjkl" or other command keys to select range to be changed.
- `shift + i` to enter insert mode.
- Add comment symbol on the first line.
- Press `esc` to quit insert mode and the range selected will be added symbols typed before.
This method can be used to many situations. If you want to cancel the comments, press `x` to delete comment symbols after selecting range.