---
title: Clipboard is a fantastic thing.
tags:
  - daily work
  - polybar
  - rofi
  - clipboard
  - srun-cli
categories:
  - diaries
date: 04-25-2023
---
# What I have done today

1. Organized to-do list. I have tried to add a to-do list plugin on desktop environment, by using polybar module to run `alacritty -e vim <todo.md>`. I added it by learning the other modules added in polybar.
	1. I am using the `polybar` with theme forest which is from [polybar-themes](https://github.com/adi1090x/polybar-themes) package in github. `Polybar` starts in `i3wm` and the startup file, `launch.sh`, can be found in `~/.config/polybar/launch.sh`.
		```
		#!/usr/bin/env bash
		
		dir="$HOME/.config/polybar"
		themes=(`ls --hide="launch.sh" $dir`)
		
		launch_bar() {
			... ...
				polybar -q main -c "$dir/$style/config.ini" &	
			... ...
		}
		
		if [[ "$1" == "--material" ]]; then
			style="material"
			launch_bar

		... ...
		```
	2. Following the script, I check the file `~/.config/polybar/forest/config.ini` because this is the theme I am using. The additional modules are included in `user_modules.ini` and  added by variable `modules-left/center/right`. 
	3. Add module `todo` in `user_modules.ini` by copying and editing the `module/launcher`. 
		```
		[module/todo]
		type = custom/text
		content = ✔
		content-foreground = ${color.yellow}
		click-left = alacritty -e vim ~/blog/curiosusJR.github.io/source/_posts/00-TODO-LIST.md
		```
		
	4. Add `todo` module into `config.ini` by changing it to:  `modules-center=date sep todo`
	5. Restart `i3wm`.
		
2. Installed an clipboard helper, [greenclip](https://github.com/erebe/greenclip), as a plugin of `rofi`. Added it into `i3wm` keyboard shortcuts. 
	1. After installing the static binary file into `~/.local/bin`, add execution permission with `chmod +x` and add auto-startup process in i3/config with adding a line of `exec_always ~/.local/bin/greenclip daemon`. *Remember that do not use `--no-startup-id`.* 
	2. Add shortcuts of auto-paste (see [here](https://github.com/erebe/greenclip/issues/27)) in i3/config. 
		`bindsym Ctrl+v exec--no-startup-id rofi -modi "clipboard:greenclipprint" -show clipboard -run-command '{cmd}' && sleep 0.2 && xdotool type $(xclip -o -selection clipboard)`
	3. In the way showed above, the space cannot be paste successfully. It can be solved by [here](https://github.com/jordansissel/xdotool/issues/119), just add `"` beside `$(xclip -o -selection clipboard)`.
	4. The paste action cannot be canceled by default. It had been discussed  [here](https://github.com/erebe/greenclip/issues/27) but all of them are not perfect. **So I still use methods above and copy a space anytime, thus when I cancel a copy and it will only paste a space there.** The most useful method (but still with bugs) seems like using a script create in `~/.local/bin/paste-modi.sh`
		```
		greenclip print $@
		coproc (xdotool key --clearmodifiers "ctrl+v" &)
		exit 0
		```
		and run it with `rofi -modi "paste:/home/junru/.local/bin/paste-modi.sh" -show paste`
3. Network broken retry. 
	1. Because campus network login status will be refreshed every 24 hours or by some unknown reasons, I need to re-login when it logouts. 
	2. Under the campus network, command `ping` can always success whether it has been login or not, so I have to use `curl` to get http code for checking network connection. [Here](https://blog.csdn.net/weixin_46686835/article/details/113761418) is more info about using  `curl` to get http codes and [here](https://blog.csdn.net/qq_50685659/article/details/126233902) is more info about http codes.
	3.  In order to eliminate the impact of websites, I want to test a few sites. So [here](https://blog.csdn.net/helloxiaozhe/article/details/118755685) is the  way to  go through the groups.
	4. There are many campus network login tools on github or other repositories, [such as](https://github.com/ehaut/srun3k-client-cli). 
	    By sum up, create auto-login script as:
		```
		#! /bin/bash
		http_list=( www.baidu.com www.nwafu.edu.cn );
		http_code=404;
		error_times=0;
		for i in ${http_list[@]}
		do
			http_code=`curl -o /dev/null -s -w %{http_code} $i`;
			if [[ ${http_code%??} != 2 && ${http_code%??} != 3 ]]
			then
				((error_times=error_times+1));
			fi
		done;
		if [ $error_times != 0 ]
		then
			srun-cli ;
		fi
		``` 
	5. Auto-run the script with `crontab` in ubuntu or  openwrt.
		```
		$ crontab -e
		#crontab
		* * * * * sh path/to/auto-relogin

		$ /etc/init.d/cron restart
		
		```

# What I want to do in future
- [ ] It would be even better if the to-do list could pop up in a drop-down menu. I can create an object in github. Referring rofi source code and reading more documents will help me.
- [ ] The paste action cannot be canceled by default. It had been discussed  [here](https://github.com/erebe/greenclip/issues/27) but all of them are not perfect.