---
title: Finally about to get my own research topic
tags:
  - daily work
categories:
  - diaries
date: 04-07-2023 23:47:49
---
# What I have done today

1. Installed 4090 GPU on tower server and configured its driver.
2. Reproduced the [skelevison](https://besjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/2041-210X.13864) paper with their data and preliminary attempted with my own data. It is still hard to say I can make it work for me, but it does present a initial results which is that each part can be identified under man-made annotations when I use the [scripts](https://github.com/bcweeks/Skelevision) provided on github.
3. Reported the second point mentioned above to my supervisor.

# What I need to do next

1. Install the only left 8-pin power cord for the GPU.
2. Read literature, evaluate the feasibility of this method. Write my dissertation report.
	Given a new [research](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pld.2022.11.001) using a similar approach to study phylogeny, my original idea may be feasible. 
	- However, I need to find out a new innovation point for my own project. Specifically, I need deal with trait definition and quantification, modeling the evolution process against this data type, evaluate trait quality in evolutionary analyse, combine multimodal data like pictures and molecular sequences. 
	- Since this is a PhD project, I need to assess whether I can achieve enough results to meet my graduation requirements. Namely I need to plan to publish 3 articles at least.

# What I want to do in future
- Continue configure my edit environment in archlinux with old laptop.
- Summarize installation and configuration of archlinux.

# What I want to tell myself
Read papers first. Find out the key issue. Clarify my research ideas and logic. 
It should be excited for me that finally about to get my own research topic and I need to think over and plan it very carefully.