---
title: Ready for group meeting?
tags:
  - daily work
  - 2022se
  - vim
  - rofi
  - unicode
categories:
  - diaries
date: 04-19-2023 
---
# What I have done today

1. Tried to scale up font size and windows in i3wm followed [this](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1433238/hidpi-screen-problem-in-i3wm) and found that it is not easy.
2. Evaluated the results, shown in the [article](https://resjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/syen.12543).
	> Dataset was split into three consequent sub- samples: training, validation and testing – 70%, 15% and 15%. 
	> ... ...
	> To measure a model quality, several metrics were used: averaged by class and weighted by a value of class instances types of precision, recall, F-score and top-1 error rate. The precision is a ratio of true- positive classification and the sum of true-positive and false-positive classification. The recall is a ratio of true-positive classification and the sum of true-positive and false-negative classification. The F-score is a harmonic mean of precision and recall metrics.
	> ... ...
	> For LIME we set ‘top_labels’ to 1 to produce explanations only for the class with the highest confidence value, ‘num_features’ to 5 to limit the number of features that are presented in an explana- tion. The green areas are treated in favour of the true class, and the red ones are treated as the regions against the true class. For Grad- CAM, we choose the last layer visualization because it is a layer that accumulates more primitive features that are extracted from previous layers. For RISE the number of masks ‘N’, the size of the smaller square binary masks ‘s’ and the probability of each pixel in the smaller masks ‘p’ were empirically set to 1000, 8 and 0.2, respectively.
	> ... ...
	> LIME and Grad-CAM algorithms were much more likely to show the expected areas of interest within which the recognized object was located. Some of the visualization results obtained with RISE focused in great detail on the image of the area within the specimen.
	Namely, I should check those value and LIME results. Top-1 error rate about means mismatch rate, [see](https://www.cnblogs.com/zyr001/p/14544031.html). 

 3. Make PPT for group meeting tomorrow.

# What I want to tell myself
- For those application complied locally which had been installed in `*/bin/`, the source file can be deleted.
- For inserting digraph or unicode symbols in neovim, follow [here](https://alpha2phi.medium.com/neovim-101-digraphs-icons-and-symbols-8bceee7817b7). Type CTRL-Q in insert mode to enter visual mode and type U or u following unicodes and then type enter or space to quit the mode and the symbol will be typed in. Additional, the rofi can help type unicode symbols by install [rofimoji](https://github.com/fdw/rofimoji) and set shortcut in i3wm
