---
title: Trying to make plots.
tags:
  - daily work
categories:
  - diaries
date: 04-16-2023 
---
# What I have done today

1. An easiest way to solve reports_list length error is annotate the assert functions. So I annotate assert functions limiting reports_list (and weights_list) length in test_model (and make_interpretable_plots) function on model_test.py line 180 (and 602). New problem is that there are only two empty result folders which should be three folders with result plots. 
	The function creating result folders is `make_interpretable_plots` defining in `model_test.py`. But I do not find which statement creating the folder. I checked the variables and `weights_list` are 4 because there are four files in directory of weights_folder. `weights_path` is ok because it is set to `weights_list[0]` by the authors.
	
	  I checked the next variable occurred, `manual_images`, defined as a parameter in function `make_interpretable_plots`. It set to a list of pictures named by SHA. This parameter was set manually in the `model_test.ipynb` which the pictures I do not have. So I annotated the contents in the variable `manual_images` and I got the testing for my own testing datasets. This process may be last for half an hour to several hours. 

# What I need to do next

1. When the process is finished, keep checking this error. Up to now, there are a few questions about this error in my mind. 
	1. The assert function limit something must be only one and they are not.
	2. Previous trying make mistakes in manual_images of make_interpretable_plots function so that it did not running correctly. What will happen next.
	3. What is meaning of statements followed by asserting manual_images is a list and why. 
	4. Which function create folders in results?
2. Report my work to my tutor.